ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL OF THE SAME NAME
BY ZHU YI ON WWW.JJWXC.NET
YIHE UNIVERSITY
Wen Yifan, what are you doing here
in the middle of the night?
You scared me!
What's wrong?
What happened?
Yifan, you have an exam tomorrow.
What are you doing?
Yifan?
Why aren't you moving?
Wen Yifan, I'm talking to you.
Yifan?
Come with me to the bathroom. I'm scared.
Okay, wait for me.
We agreed to go
to a social event to relax together
after the exam.
If you don't go,
we'll be one person short.
Please, just go with us.
I was so scared last night…
I couldn't sleep well.
And we have an exam in the morning.
I'm really tired.
Hurry up. The guys are already rushing us.
Why don't you ask her?
Hurry, go!
Well, Yifan.
You must be bored
sitting alone in the dorm.
Why not come with us?
- Right, come with us.
- Otherwise, you'll be out of the group.
Go on.
- Really?
- Love you!
Let's go.
Yifan, do you usually
like watching movies?
There's a new romantic movie coming out.
- Great.
- I want to watch a movie, too!
- I love watching movies, too!
- Together!
Let's go together.
Sure.
Who wants to go with you?
Go have fun with someone else.
I also like romantic movies.
Yifan, have you decided where to intern?
You need to start making decisions now.
Otherwise,
you won't find a good internship.
Right.
If you want to go to a newspaper office,
my uncle can arrange it.
Really?
The radio station is also nice.
I know someone from Yihe Radio Station.
Yifan, if you're interested,
I can introduce you to them.
- How about me?
- I'd also like to go there.
These days,
who still reads newspapers
or listens to the radio?
- It's outdated.
- Can you introduce me?
I still need to call my family tonight,
so I'll skip eating.
- Enjoy your meal.
- I'll see you out.
- Take care, Yifan.
- I'll call a cab for you.
Make sure to stay safe.
- Bye!
- Yifan, goodbye!
- Yifan, stay safe!
- Bye!
Eat up.
This is pretty good.
Eat more.
Why are you so interested in Wen Yifan?
She's the prettiest in our department.
Long time no see. You're finally online.
How's everything?
BAI JIANG
I've been busy with my lessons.
By the way, do you know
how to pass
the "King No. 4" level in the game?
WARM WATER - BAI JIANG
I know. Let me teach you.
I passed. Thanks.
Congratulations on clearing it.
I originally thought
tonight's dinner would be a nightmare,
but luckily, I have you.
I feel much better now. Thank you.
I'm logging off now.
Go to bed early. Good night.
Sang Yan, why aren't you asleep yet?
3,445 DAYS
Grandma, you must have
gained a lot from this trip.
If I have the chance,
I'd like to do a road trip like you.
Great. I'll organize my maps
and all the travel guidances
I've collected
and give them to you once I'm done.
That's great! Thanks, Grandma.
Actually, you could ask me to go with you.
It's so boring alone.
Really?
Grandma, did you ever
feel lonely during your trip?
Well, loneliness is inevitable at times.
But I think, in life,
everyone has a time
when they should be alone.
The philosopher Kant once said,
"I am lonely. I am free.
But I am my own king."
This trip, I really learned a lot.
I also learned a lot.
I learned to embrace solitude at home.
But to be honest,
when you weren't home,
I often woke up from nightmares
in the middle of the night.
I just worried if something
happened to you.
Sometimes,
I messaged her, but she didn't reply.
Oh, I was driving.
How could I use my phone?
I knew it. So, I got used to it later.
Also,
when you weren't around,
I often thought about
the happy moments we had before.
And Grandpa wrote down
all the important things
in a little notebook.
So, how could you forget?
- Right?
- Exactly.
On this lonely trip,
I realized you, old man,
are still very important to me.
It has never changed.
Grandma,
which stop on this trip
impressed you the most?
Let me think.
I went to the place
where your father, mother,
and your brother had the accident.
It was so empty, yet so beautiful.
I spent the whole day there.
I stayed there from morning till night.
Did you see it?
I didn't expect
that after all these years,
this place has become even more beautiful.
If we get the chance,
I'll bring you all here again.
How about that?
Going back there,
you must have been so sad.
I was thinking,
ten years have gone by,
and our whole family
has never mentioned the accident.
- I'll go slice some fruit.
- No need!
Come.
Sit down.
We should have a serious talk.
Okay.
After the accident,
our whole family has been silent about it.
But actually,
it's been stuck in our hearts.
We can't forget it,
but we're also avoiding it.
I was just thinking
how nice it is that I still have you all!
We need to live well!
We need to forget all the sad things
one by one.
- Is that okay?
- Okay.
Is that okay?
Hello?
I'm ready now. I'm coming over.
Take your time to eat.
I've been drinking.
Should I have someone pick you up?
No, I'll come over myself.
Be careful on your way.
Yifan, bye.
- Bye.
- Bye, Yifan.
See you later.
Yifan.
What's wrong?
You look so pretty today.
I'm going to attend
a friend's wedding banquet.
FIRST NEWS, ALL EARS FOR YOU
I have something to tell you.
I'll go down with you.
But now that you two are together,
there's something
I want to explain to you.
Actually,
what I said before about Sang Yan's
speech at the graduation ceremony
was all made up.
At the graduation dinner,
someone asked Sang Yan,
"Is what's unattainable always the best,
and is that why you're so sad?"
He said,
"Do you think I could be that devoted?"
But there really was a senior who said
he had been a backup for years.
But I can't really remember the details.
I was unsure how to face you
because of this.
But now, I've come to terms with it.
Why are you saying this now?
Because I'm afraid those words
might affect your relationship.
They won't.
That's good.
I wish you a future
without pressure, whether it's in work,
life, or relationships.
Actually, I think sometimes
it's fine to just let things be.
I wish you happiness.
Thank you.
You, too.
- Enjoy your meal.
- Take your time.
Guys,
let me introduce today's leading lady,
- my wife, Shiwen.
- Hello, everyone.
These are my colleagues
from the restaurant,
and these are my college roommates.
We're all really good friends.
Why does she look so familiar?
Stop seeking attention, Chen Junwen.
But he's the matchmaker.
Without him, we wouldn't be together.
Thanks a lot.
- No problem.
- I'll drink with you more later, okay?
- Enjoy your meal, miss.
- Sorry, I'm late.
Did I miss something?
You came at just the right time.
Let's drink more later.
- I'll go greet others.
- What took you so long?
How dare you be late
on such an important day?
Take a taxi back to Yihe now!
Su Haoan,
you've had quite a lot
of issues with me lately.
It's just because you're too handsome.
This is Duan Jiaxu, right?
Didn't you meet him last time?
He's quite handsome.
He hasn't changed much.
Is he handsome?
This picture is pretty average.
He looks a bit dull.
Yu Zhuo,
is he handsome?
Let me check properly.
You're not really in love
with Duan Jiaxu, are you?
Su Haoan,
is he handsome?
He's just okay.
He's not even a fraction
as handsome as me.
What's wrong with you?
I can tell now.
No wonder you blush every time you see me.
Thanks. I'm going to throw up.
But you haven't even drunk yet.
Chen Junwen. Chen Junwen.
What?
Is he handsome?
- Of course, he's handsome.
- I mean…
Who's handsomer, him or me?
Well, obviously, Jiaxu is more handsome.
There's no doubt about it.
Have you eaten enough?
If so, head home.
Duan Jiaxu, you haven't had a drink.
Later, take my sister back home.
- I just got here.
- Don't mind him.
I've thought it through.
This is the fairest way.
I'll count to three,
and we'll pick the most handsome one.
- How about it?
- Okay.
- It's fair.
- Come on.
One. Two. Three!
- Call me when you're here.
- Sang Yan,
is your girlfriend coming or not?
You've been hiding her for so long.
Or… did you just make this up?
I think so.
Yeah, boss.
Will she really come?
Exactly.
Will she come or not?
Look, he's on the phone.
I'm getting in the car now.
I'll go find you directly.
Let's wait and see.
Let's look forward to it.
What's up? The delivery's here?
What did you order? Share with us.
Takeout?
- After the banquet, I'll drive you home.
- Okay.
Let's go, sir.
Stop here, thanks.
What are you doing here?
I've been waiting for you.
Have you been drinking?
Anyone with a girlfriend had to drink.
Will I have to drink, too?
Of course.
But your boyfriend here has
already taken care of that for you.
How much did you drink?
I don't know.
I really don't know my limits.
Sang Yan, so your girlfriend is Wen Yifan?
What's wrong?
She's the one you've been talking about.
The girl who's been
madly flirting with you?
You actually said that?
- Where's Duan Jiaxu?
- Duan Jiaxu didn't drink.
So, he took Sang Zhi home.
How can Duan Jiaxu miss
such an absurd lie he told?
Wen Yifan, say something.
Slap his shameless face!
Look at him now,
so arrogant and self-righteous.
- So disgusting!
- I do admit,
but it's not about flirting.
It's about pursuing.
Su Haoan, you said
there was a girl Sang Yan couldn't get
back in high school.
So, that girl is…
Yes.
Honestly,
when Sang Yan asked me
if Duan Jiaxu was handsome,
I felt quite strange.
"Who's more handsome, Duan Jiaxu or me?"
- I vote for you.
- No need.
I never force others
to make their choices.
I'm sincere.
Really?
Otherwise, I wouldn't
have pursued you so crazily.
Oh my God!
Cheers to you two!
I'll change the wedding photo right away,
and you two just get married here today.
Is that okay?
Congratulations.
They came here today just to disgust us.
I really don't get it.
DOUBLE HAPPINESS
Qian Fei is actually the first
to get married in our class.
Right. We've been
out of college for years.
Do you remember what happened
at our graduation dinner?
He got drunk
and embarrassed himself so much.
He kept complaining about himself,
saying how long he's been a backup.
Do you remember that?
Wan Lin,
was I just your backup
for four years in college?
- Bro.
- Wan Lin…
You got drunk again.
That's not Wan Lin.
You've got the wrong person.
Come over here.
- Come here.
- This is Wan Lin…
- This isn't Wan Lin either.
- Wan Lin…
Wan Lin's not here. Hey…
Wan Lin, for four years in college,
was I really your backup?
Every time he gets drunk,
he acts like this. Here.
- Am I just your backup…
- No?
- Don't move.
- Wen Yifan?
Shut your mouth. Shut up.
No more talking.
Am I just your backup?
Sleep!
Backup is fine.
Beauty, sorry.
Sorry, I mistook you.
You two need to calm down, okay?
Qian Fei! Qian Fei!
- Come here! Come here.
- Sit here.
Didn't Sang Yan say so?
Stop talking bad about me.
Sang Yan was also drunk at the time.
He sat there.
I don't know if he mistook me
for someone else.
- He kept mumbling.
- Mumbling?
Wen Yifan, here, let me toast to you.
Congratulations on you
and Sang Yan being together.
- Bro, you're crushing me.
- Everyone who's single should drink.
I'm not drinking.
Right, Wen Yifan must drink.
DOUBLE HAPPINESS
Where are we going?
Back home.
I can't walk anymore…
Wen Shuangjiang,
you've really learned something.
You drank so much!
Su Haoan made me drink…
That little brat.
Stand up straight! Stand straight!
I want to squat…
Hold it steady.
Two minutes.
The taxi will be here in two minutes.
I can't stand properly…
Sang Yan.
Sang Yan, has it been tough
for you all these years?
What's wrong? Who told you something?
I was thinking. How did
you end up opening a restaurant?
What's wrong with me?
I'm making money now.
I'm saving money to support you!
Supporting me? And then?
Then you'll be mine, all mine.
Why do you need to support me?
I do.
You do?
You smiled at all the other girls!
Don't start slandering me
after getting drunk.
Who did I smile at today?
Not today.
Then when?
I won't say!
Tell me.
No!
- I won't say…
- You…
The first time I visited Overtime,
you smiled at four girls in one night!
- And you even added them on WeChat.
- I added them on WeChat?
Sir.
Look for yourself. Did I add them?
Get in the car.
Where are their WeChat accounts?
Lower your head.
Raise your legs.
Anyway, I've already been saving money.
You can't keep doing this.
Okay.
Sir, start the car.
What's wrong with my skirt?
Why does it feel so uncomfortable?
I can't button it.
Can you help me button it?
That's not appropriate.
Done.
Done?
Wearing this bracelet,
do they laugh at you,
saying you look like a little girl?
What's it to them?
- Does it look good?
- Yeah, it looks good.
Can you take tomorrow off?
Why?
You're this drunk.
I'm off tomorrow.
You will be off,
so you're messing with me tonight, right?
What messing with you?
I'm already working hard
to make money to support you.
Now, you need to let go
of your "Star" identity.
Whatever you do for me,
you should feel that it's natural
and willingly done.
That makes sense,
but can you save money faster?
Of course, I can.
Why are you the one picking me up?
Didn't you order for me to come?
Really?
Yes.
Maybe it's because I wanted to see you.
Sang Yan's girlfriend really is Wen Yifan.
They made it official.
You drank this much just for that?
Is it worth it?
But I do kind of envy them.
It's just nice that they're happy.
What do you envy?
They can announce to the world
that they're together.
That's even more touching than a proposal.
Unlike my ex-girlfriends,
who wouldn't even let me
post on social media.
I wanted us to be together!
UPTOWN FLOWER CITY
We're here.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hand. Take care.
Mind your head.
Get up!
Good.
Thank you, sir.
You feel like throwing up?
Is it okay?
Seems not at all.
So, you definitely shouldn't rely
on your looks to make a living.
- Got it?
- Got it.
- Do you know?
- Got it!
- Climb on.
- This is the least promising route!
No one pushed you to rely
on your looks for a living.
There is…
Who?
When I was in Yihe,
I got into the news department
through campus recruitment.
You know, the news department
has high standards for reporters.
But I never thought I could get in.
Just gave it a try.
So, I submitted my resume.
And then?
After several months, I found out
that people in our department said
I only got in because
I had a good relationship
with the director.
But I didn't care what they said.
After all, people can say
whatever they want.
I can't control them.
But I didn't expect
that the director actually liked me.
He said with my looks,
I could earn more doing
anything other than being a reporter.
And it would be easier.
He asked why I acted so high and mighty.
I didn't like that place…
Then, let's never go back there.
I don't like being
talked about like that either.
Don't listen to them. They're insane.
Am I heavy?
No, not at all.
Sang Yan…
Before I came back to Nanwu,
I dreamed about you.
What did you dream about me?
I dreamed
that you and your wife
came to Yihe for your honeymoon.
What kind of dream is that?
Sit down.
You were so happy, smiling at me.
Then, in the future, the two of us
will also go on a trip to Yihe.
Alright?
Sorry, Sang Yan.
What are you apologizing for?
I'm too heavy.
Not all all.
Before apologizing, you should consider
how much weight you're carrying.
Your bones hurt me.
You should eat more.
Can I lie down for a bit?
Sure.
There are stars!
Sorry, Sang Yan.
I've been too harsh with my words before.
Do you know?
I don't like Yihe.
I don't like Beiyu either.
Cities aren't places that I like.
And these cities don't like me.
At least Nanwu has my father's grave.
At least,
Nanwu has someone
I've been wanting to see,
but I've never had the courage to.
It's you.
Sang Yan was also drunk back then.
He was there, sitting, holding his cup,
and he kept mumbling.
Mumbling what?
He kept saying, "Am I just your backup?"
"Am I just your backup?"
"Backup is fine."
At that moment,
Sang Yan's words
were repeatedly striking my heart…
Am I just your backup?
…over and over again.
I feel like I was there.
Am I just your backup?
Seeing that fragile Sang Yan.
Get up.
Don't touch me. I want to sleep!
Don't touch me!
If you keep touching me, I'll…
I'll curse you!
Fine. Curse me. I'm listening.
You're a sinner,
mad and crazy.
You can barely speak properly.
You can't even say it right.
Get up.
Drink this hangover soup.
Do you know how much I drank today?
I thought if I drank too much,
someone would take care of me.
But what happened?
What happened?
That person even got angry at me.
Then just ignore her.
Drink it all.
Take your time.
- One more sip.
- You finish the rest.
You drank a lot, too.
You still remember I drank a lot?
I'm sleeping… I'm sleeping!
Sleep in your room.
- Get up.
- No!
Wen Shuangjiang.
- Come on.
- I'm not going.
I… I smell bad!
Then, just go take a shower.
I don't want to move.
Can you help me shower?
I can't help you.
Well, if you don't want to move someday,
I can help you shower, too…
- Help you shower.
- Stop.
Stop.
I don't need your help with a shower.
Go back to your room and sleep, okay?
Stingy.
I'm stingy, huh? Wen Shuangjiang.
Let's see if you regret it
after waking up tomorrow.
Then I won't shower.
I'm coming to sleep with you.
I'll stink you out.
I'm not sleeping with you…
Don't try to stink me out.
You said I could hold you while sleeping…
Can you give me some space?
How can I sleep
while holding you?
Why not?
I'm a guy.
So what?
Figure it out yourself.
Seems like it really doesn't work…
Let me give you a riddle.
- Okay.
- Dogs go "woof woof woof".
Sheep go "baa baa baa".
What do chickens do?
Guess.
Opportunity (pronounced
like "chicken") is for the prepared.
You're so smart!
It's really interesting.
Good night.
Sang Yan…
It's all my fault…
I shouldn't have been avoiding you…
Wen Yifan.
Why are you here?
You stole my words.
Why are you holding me while sleeping?
I sleepwalked again?
I… You…
You wash it yourself.
Yeah. Well…
while sleepwalking,
it's normal to do strange things.
- It's just normal.
- Yeah, it's normal.
Like, wanting me to help you shower
and wanting to help me shower, too.
And telling lame jokes.
Like, dogs go "woof woof woof",
sheep go "baa baa baa",
and what do chickens do?
But you didn't help me shower.
You've kept yourself well-protected.
Opportunity (pronounced
like "chicken") is for the prepared.
Opportunity is for Sang Yan.
THE STORY IS NOT OVER YET…
Wake up.
Sit up.
Here is your change of clothes.
I put them here.
Sit properly.
I've prepared your water.
You can wash yourself, right?
Are you sure?
Your lashes…
Take them off!
Which ones are fake?
I…
I'll pull them out, okay?
This is fake, right?
Then,
wash yourself. I'll go out.
What are you doing?
Taking a shower.
Hey, take your clothes off after I go out.
HUGE THANKS TO EVERYONE INVOLVED
AND TO ALL THE FANS OF THE FIRST FROST!
TREAT YOURSELF WELL
AND THE WORLD WILL HOLD MORE LOVE FOR YOU!